Address,Name,Definition
0000,Humanity Index,"Measures the authenticity and credibility of a user's identity, indicating whether the user is a real human rather than a robot or fake identity."
0001,Physical Fitness Score,"Measures the overall physical health level of a user, based on exercise and physiological data."
0002,Click Speed,"Measures the user's reaction speed and hand-eye coordination."
0003,Earth Coordinates,"Records the user's permanent geographical location."
0004,Body Mass Index (BMI),"Measures the ratio of weight to height, reflecting body composition."
0005,Visual Acuity,"Measures the level of visual acuity, related to physical perception."
0006,Hearing Ability,"Measures the level of hearing, related to physical perception."
0007,Sleep Patterns,"Records sleep time and patterns, related to physical recovery."
0008,Dietary Habits,"Records dietary preferences and habits, related to physical nutrition."
0009,Heart Rate Variability,"Measures cardiac health and stress levels."
000A,Physical Reaction Time,"Measures the body's reaction speed to stimuli, related to coordination."
000B,Blood Pressure,"Records systolic and diastolic blood pressure, reflecting cardiovascular health."
000C,Glucose Level,"Records fasting blood glucose levels, related to metabolic health."
000D,Cholesterol Level,"Records total cholesterol levels, related to cardiovascular health."
000E,Immune System Strength,"Measures the strength of the immune system, related to physical resistance."
000F,Skin Health,"Records the health of the skin, related to appearance and overall health."
0010,Physical Endurance,"Measures the user's endurance in physical activities, reflecting the ability to sustain exercise."
0011,Flexibility,"Measures the flexibility of joints and muscles, related to physical agility."
0012,Strength Level,"Measures the user's muscle strength, reflecting physical performance."
0013,Coordination,"Measures the user's physical coordination, related to athletic performance."
0014,Balance,"Measures the user's ability to maintain balance, related to stability."
0015,Agility,"Measures the user's quick reaction and movement ability, related to physical flexibility."
0016,Stamina,"Measures the user's ability to sustain physical activity over long periods, reflecting endurance."
0017,Oxygen Saturation,"Records the level of oxygen in the blood, related to respiratory health."
0018,Body Temperature,"Records the user's body temperature, reflecting overall health status."
0019,Pain Tolerance,"Measures the user's tolerance to pain, related to physical resilience."
001A,Injury History,"Records the user's past injury history, reflecting overall health status."
001B,Recovery Rate,"Measures the speed at which the user recovers from physical fatigue or illness, related to recovery ability."
001C,Metabolic Rate,"Measures the user's basal metabolic rate, related to energy expenditure and health."
001D,Hydration Level,"Records the user's hydration levels, related to health and physical performance."
001E,Bone Density,"Measures the strength of the user's bones, related to skeletal health."
001F,Muscle Mass,"Records the user's muscle mass, reflecting body composition and strength."
0020,Fat Percentage,"Measures the user's body fat percentage, related to body composition and health."
0021,Cardiovascular Health,"Measures the overall health of the cardiovascular system, based on heart rate and blood pressure data."
0022,Respiratory Health,"Measures the health of the respiratory system, based on lung function and oxygen intake data."
0023,Neurological Health,"Measures the health of the nervous system, based on reaction speed and coordination data."
0024,Digestive Health,"Measures the health of the digestive system, based on dietary and excretory data."
0025,Liver Function,"Records health indicators of liver function, related to metabolism and toxin processing."
0026,Kidney Function,"Records health indicators of kidney function, related to excretion and fluid balance."
0027,Hormonal Balance,"Measures the balance of hormone levels, related to bodily regulation."
0028,Vision Health,"Measures the overall health of the visual system, based on vision and other visual data."
0029,Hearing Health,"Measures the overall health of the auditory system, based on hearing test data."
002A,Sensory Sensitivity,"Measures the sensitivity of the senses to stimuli, related to perceptual ability."
002B,Physical Sensitivity,"Measures the sensitivity of the body to environmental factors or injury, related to health."
002C,Pain Sensitivity,"Measures the user's sensitivity to pain, related to neurological health."
002D,Temperature Sensitivity,"Measures the user's sensitivity to temperature, related to bodily regulation."
002E,Light Sensitivity,"Measures the user's sensitivity to light, related to visual health."
002F,Sound Sensitivity,"Measures the user's sensitivity to sound, related to auditory health."
0030,Touch Sensitivity,"Measures the user's sensitivity to touch, related to neurological health."
0031,Smell Sensitivity,"Measures the user's sensitivity to odors, related to olfactory health."
0032,Taste Sensitivity,"Measures the user's sensitivity to taste, related to gustatory health."
0033,Physical Activity Level,"Measures the frequency of the user's daily physical activity, related to health and fitness."
0034,Exercise Frequency,"Records the frequency of the user's exercise participation, related to physical health."
0035,Sport Participation,"Measures the user's involvement in specific sports, reflecting interest and skill."
0036,Fitness Goals,"Records the clarity and progress of the user's fitness goals, related to health."
0037,Health Awareness,"Measures the user's attention to their own health, reflecting health management ability."
0038,Nutrition Awareness,"Measures the user's knowledge of nutrition, related to dietary health."
0039,Wellness Practices,"Records the frequency of the user's participation in wellness practices (e.g., yoga), related to overall health."
003A,Physical Limitations,"Records the user's physical limitations or disabilities, reflecting health status."
003B,Mobility,"Measures the user's ability to move, related to physical function."
003C,Posture,"Records the user's standing or sitting posture health, related to physical structure."
003D,Joint Health,"Measures the health of the user's joints, related to flexibility and durability."
003E,Tendon Health,"Measures the health of the user's tendons, related to physical movement ability."
003F,DIY Skills,"Measures the user's ability to engage in DIY activities, reflecting practical skills."
0040,Social Frequency,"Measures the frequency of user interactions on social platforms, reflecting the level of social activity."
0041,Social Media Influencer,"Measures the user's influence on social media, based on follower count, engagement rate, and content virality."
0042,Relationship Network,"Measures the breadth and depth of social relationships, reflecting the size and quality of the user's social network."
0043,Family Bonding,"Measures the closeness of relationships with family members, reflecting the strength of family interactions."
0044,Friendship Level,"Measures the closeness of friendships, reflecting the quality of relationships within the social circle."
0045,Colleagues Relationship,"Measures the quality of relationships with colleagues, reflecting workplace social intimacy."
0046,Romantic Relationship,"Measures the stability and closeness of romantic relationships, reflecting the intensity of emotional connections."
0047,Social Skills,"Measures the user's ability to communicate and interact socially, reflecting the strength of social skills."
0048,Leadership Ability,"Measures the user's ability to lead others, reflecting potential for social leadership."
0049,Team Collaboration,"Measures the user's ability to collaborate in a team, reflecting teamwork efficiency."
004A,Conflict Resolution,"Measures the user's ability to resolve conflicts, reflecting social adaptability."
004B,Empathy Level,"Measures the user's ability to understand others' emotions, reflecting the depth of social empathy."
004C,Humor Sense,"Measures the user's sense of humor, reflecting the light-heartedness of social personality."
004D,Extroversion,"Measures the user's extroverted personality traits, reflecting the level of social activity preference."
004E,Openness,"Measures the user's openness to new experiences, reflecting the inclusiveness of social personality."
004F,Agreeableness,"Measures the user's friendliness and cooperativeness, reflecting the harmony of social personality."
0050,Neuroticism,"Measures the user's emotional stability, reflecting the degree of emotional fluctuation in social interactions."
0051,Conscientiousness,"Measures the user's sense of responsibility and organization, reflecting the level of social responsibility."
0052,Social Anxiety,"Measures the user's anxiety in social situations, reflecting the level of social psychological pressure."
0053,Public Expression,"Measures the user's tendency to express opinions publicly, reflecting social confidence."
0054,Social Participation,"Measures the frequency of the user's participation in social activities, reflecting social engagement."
0055,Volunteer Activity,"Measures the frequency of the user's participation in volunteer activities, reflecting social responsibility."
0056,Community Involvement,"Measures the frequency of the user's participation in community activities, reflecting social integration."
0057,Cultural Participation,"Measures the frequency of the user's participation in cultural activities, reflecting cultural interest and engagement."
0058,Political Involvement,"Measures the frequency of the user's participation in political activities, reflecting political interest and engagement."
0059,Religious Involvement,"Measures the frequency of the user's participation in religious activities, reflecting the practice of religious beliefs."
005A,Interest Group Participation,"Measures the frequency of the user's participation in interest groups, reflecting the level of interest engagement."
005B,Trust Level,"Measures the user's trust in others, reflecting the degree of social psychological trust."
005C,Social Support,"Measures the level of support the user receives from their social network, reflecting the richness of social resources."
005D,Social Isolation,"Measures the user's sense of social isolation, reflecting the degree of social psychological loneliness."
005E,Social Focus,"Measures the focus of the user's social interactions, reflecting the priority of social behavior."
005F,Social Motivation,"Measures the intensity of the user's motivation to engage in social activities, reflecting social psychological drive."
0060,Social Style,"Measures the user's social behavior style, reflecting active or passive social tendencies."
0061,Social Role,"Measures the user's role in social interactions, reflecting leadership, follower, or coordinator status."
0062,Social Preference,"Measures the user's preference for social activities, reflecting the tendency towards group or solo activities."
0063,Social Adaptability,"Measures the user's ability to adapt to new social environments, reflecting social flexibility."
0064,Social Innovation,"Measures the user's ability to innovate in social interactions, reflecting social creativity."
0065,Social Learning,"Measures the user's ability to learn from social interactions, reflecting social intelligence."
0066,Social Memory,"Measures the user's ability to remember social details, reflecting social memory capacity."
0067,Social Perception,"Measures the user's ability to perceive social cues, reflecting social sensitivity."
0068,Social Response,"Measures the user's reaction speed to social stimuli, reflecting social agility."
0069,Social Expression,"Measures the user's ability to express social emotions, reflecting social confidence and expressiveness."
006A,Social Control,"Measures the user's ability to control social situations, reflecting social leadership and influence."
006B,Social Creativity,"Measures the user's creativity in social interactions, reflecting the ability to propose new ideas or creative interactions."
006C,Social Intelligence,"Measures the user's level of social intelligence, reflecting the ability to understand and respond to social situations."
006D,Social Emotion,"Measures the intensity of the user's emotions in social interactions, reflecting the richness of social emotions."
006E,Social Health,"Measures the overall social health index, reflecting the health of social life."
006F,Social Satisfaction,"Measures the user's satisfaction with their social life, reflecting social psychological well-being."
0070,Social Goals,"Measures the clarity of the user's social goals, reflecting goal-oriented social psychology."
0071,Social Achievements,"Measures the user's sense of social achievement, reflecting social psychological satisfaction."
0072,Social Challenges,"Measures the social challenges faced by the user, reflecting the level of social psychological stress."
0073,Social Resources,"Measures the social resources available to the user, reflecting the richness of the social network."
0074,Social Support Received,"Measures the quality of support received from the social network, reflecting the effectiveness of social support."
0075,Social Pressure,"Measures the level of social pressure experienced by the user, reflecting the burden of social psychological stress."
0076,Social Balance,"Measures the balance between social life and personal life, reflecting social psychological harmony."
0077,Language Proficiency,"Measures the number and fluency of languages the user masters, reflecting social communication ability."
0078,Cross-Cultural Communication,"Measures the user's ability to communicate across cultures, reflecting social diversity."
0079,Social Etiquette,"Measures the user's mastery of social etiquette, reflecting adherence to social norms."
007A,Online Etiquette,"Measures the user's mastery of online social etiquette, reflecting adherence to digital social norms."
007B,Referral Persuasion,"Measures the user's ability to persuade others through referrals, reflecting social influence."
007C,Community Leader,"Measures the user's leadership role in the community, reflecting social status."
007D,Social Media Engagement,"Measures the user's engagement on social media, reflecting digital social activity."
007E,Field Leader,"Measures the user's leadership in a specific field, reflecting professional social influence."
007F,Empathy Evangelist,"Measures the user's ability to promote empathy, reflecting social emotional influence."
0080,Internet Native Sharing,"Measures the user's sharing behavior on the internet, reflecting digital footprint activity."
0081,Digital Literacy,"Measures the user's ability to understand and use digital technology, reflecting digital capability."
0082,Stock Investment Success,"Measures the user's success rate in stock investments, reflecting digital financial capability."
0083,Game Achiever,"Measures the user's achievement level in gaming, reflecting digital entertainment capability."
0084,Texas Hold'em Hero,"Measures the user's skill in Texas Hold'em poker, reflecting digital entertainment capability."
0085,Mahjong Hero,"Measures the user's skill in Mahjong, reflecting digital entertainment capability."
0086,Game Skill Hero,"Measures the user's overall skill in gaming, reflecting digital entertainment capability."
0087,Cybersecurity Awareness,"Measures the user's awareness of cybersecurity, reflecting digital safety knowledge."
0088,Programming Level,"Measures the user's programming skills, reflecting digital technical ability."
0089,Blockchain Adaptability,"Measures the user's adaptability to blockchain technology, reflecting digital technical ability."
008A,Virtual Reality Experience,"Measures the frequency and level of the user's VR experience, reflecting digital entertainment capability."
008B,Augmented Reality Proficiency,"Measures the user's proficiency in using augmented reality, reflecting digital technical ability."
008C,Digital Content Consumption,"Measures the user's consumption of digital content (e.g., videos, articles), reflecting digital engagement."
008D,Digital Marketing Skills,"Measures the user's digital marketing skills, reflecting digital business capability."
008E,Online Learning Engagement,"Measures the user's engagement in online learning, reflecting digital education capability."
008F,Cloud Computing Usage,"Measures the user's usage of cloud computing services, reflecting digital technical ability."
0090,Digital Content Creation,"Measures the frequency and quality of the user's digital content creation, reflecting digital creativity."
0091,E-Commerce Expertise,"Measures the user's expertise in e-commerce operations, reflecting digital consumer capability."
0092,User Experience Empathy,"Measures the user's empathy for digital user experience, reflecting digital design capability."
0093,Engineering Developer,"Measures the user's engineering development skills, reflecting digital technical ability."
0094,Digital Device Developer,"Measures the user's ability to develop digital devices, reflecting digital technical capability."
0095,Metaverse Navigator,"Measures the user's navigation skills in the metaverse, reflecting digital entertainment capability."
0096,AI Trainer,"Measures the user's skills in training AI models, reflecting digital technical ability."
0097,Data Completeness Level,"Measures the completeness of the user's data entries, reflecting digital engagement."
0098,Referral Score,"Measures the user's success in referrals, reflecting digital participation and influence."
0099,Web3 Knowledge Level,"Measures the user's understanding of Web3 technology, reflecting digital capability."
009A,Blockchain Understanding,"Measures the user's understanding of blockchain technology, reflecting digital capability."
009B,Cryptocurrency Trader,"Measures the frequency of the user's cryptocurrency trading, reflecting digital financial participation."
009C,DAO Participation,"Measures the frequency of the user's participation in decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs), reflecting digital engagement."
009D,NFT Curator,"Measures the user's participation in NFT curation or collection, reflecting digital asset engagement."
009E,Crypto Wealth,"Measures the total amount of cryptocurrency assets held by the user, reflecting digital financial wealth."
009F,Gas Contributor,"Measures the user's contribution of gas fees in blockchain transactions, reflecting digital participation."
00A0,Airdrop Diamond Hand,"Measures the user's stability in holding airdropped tokens, reflecting digital financial psychology."
00A1,Web3 Social Networking,"Measures the user's engagement in Web3 social networks, reflecting digital social capability."
00A2,Blockchain Profit Exploring,"Measures the frequency of the user's exploration of blockchain profits, reflecting digital financial capability."
00A3,Meme Coin Digger,"Measures the user's participation in meme coin trading or activities, reflecting digital financial engagement."
00A4,Crypto Winners,"Measures the user's success rate in cryptocurrency trading, reflecting digital financial capability."
00A5,Smart Contract Explorer,"Measures the frequency of the user's exploration of smart contracts, reflecting digital technical capability."
00A6,DeSoc Participation,"Measures the user's engagement in decentralized social media (DeSoc), reflecting digital social capability."
00A7,Web3 Development Skills,"Measures the user's Web3 development skills, reflecting digital technical capability."
00A8,Web3 Testimonials,"Measures the frequency of the user's participation in Web3 testimonials, reflecting digital engagement."
00A9,External Score,"Measures external evaluations of the user, reflecting digital reputation."
00AA,DAO Leader,"Measures the user's leadership role in DAOs, reflecting digital influence."
00AB,Referral Persuasion Skills,"Measures the user's ability to persuade others through referrals, reflecting digital influence."
00AC,Communication Skills,"Measures the user's online communication skills, reflecting digital social capability."
00AD,Social Media Influencer,"Measures the user's influence on social media, reflecting digital social influence."
00AE,Field Leader,"Measures the user's leadership in a specific field, reflecting digital professional influence."
00AF,Research Impactor,"Measures the user's impact in research fields, reflecting digital academic influence."
00B0,Empathy Evangelist,"Measures the user's ability to promote digital empathy, reflecting digital social emotional influence."
00B1,Trend Setter,"Measures the user's ability to set trends in the digital domain, reflecting digital innovation."
00B2,Web3 Community Leader,"Measures the user's leadership in Web3 communities, reflecting digital influence."
00B3,Blockchain Profit Index,"Measures the user's overall profit performance in blockchain activities, reflecting digital financial capability."
00B4,Meme Coin Participation,"Measures the frequency of the user's participation in meme coin activities, reflecting digital financial engagement."
00B5,Crypto OG Level,"Measures the user's experience level in the cryptocurrency domain, reflecting digital financial expertise."
00B6,Web3 Activation Level,"Measures the user's activity level in the Web3 ecosystem, reflecting digital engagement."
00B7,Blockchain Engineering,"Measures the user's blockchain engineering skills, reflecting digital technical capability."
00B8,DApp Proficiency,"Measures the user's proficiency in using decentralized applications (DApps), reflecting digital capability."
00B9,DAO Participation Index,"Measures the user's overall participation index in DAOs, reflecting digital influence."
00BA,NFT Participation,"Measures the frequency of the user's participation in NFT activities, reflecting digital asset engagement."
00BB,DeFi Participation,"Measures the frequency of the user's participation in decentralized finance (DeFi), reflecting digital financial engagement."
00BC,Digital Privacy Awareness,"Measures the user's awareness of digital privacy, reflecting digital security consciousness."
00BD,Data Security Practices,"Measures the frequency of the user's data security practices, reflecting digital security behavior."
00BE,Password Strength,"Measures the security level of the user's passwords, reflecting digital security level."
00BF,Two-Factor Authentication,"Measures the frequency of the user's use of two-factor authentication, reflecting digital security behavior."
00C0,Religion,"Measures the user's religious beliefs, reflecting the depth of spiritual faith."
00C1,MBTI,"Measures the user's personality type, reflecting spiritual personality classification."
00C2,Lifestyle Attitudes,"Measures the user's attitudes towards life, reflecting spiritual value orientation."
00C3,Astrology,"Measures the user's interest and belief in astrology, reflecting spiritual exploration tendencies."
00C4,Intelligence Quotient (IQ),"Measures the user's intellectual level, reflecting cognitive ability."
00C5,Personality Traits,"Measures the user's core personality traits, reflecting spiritual personality characteristics."
00C6,Emotional Intelligence (EQ),"Measures the user's ability to understand and manage emotions, reflecting emotional intelligence."
00C7,Technical Aptitude,"Measures the user's ability to learn and apply technology, reflecting cognitive flexibility."
00C8,Mindfulness,"Measures the user's practice of mindfulness, reflecting mental focus and calmness."
00C9,Gratitude Level,"Measures the user's level of gratitude, reflecting positive psychology."
00CA,Purpose in Life,"Measures the user's clarity and commitment to life goals, reflecting spiritual value orientation."
00CB,Self Awareness,"Measures the user's ability for self-awareness, reflecting inner spiritual insight."
00CC,Spiritual Practices,"Measures the frequency of the user's spiritual practices, reflecting the depth of spiritual cultivation."
00CD,Meditation Depth,"Measures the depth of the user's meditation practice, reflecting mental focus."
00CE,Spiritual Connection,"Measures the user's spiritual connection to a higher power or the universe, reflecting spiritual faith."
00CF,Inner Peace,"Measures the user's level of inner peace, reflecting spiritual tranquility."
00D0,Resilience,"Measures the user's psychological resilience in facing difficulties, reflecting spiritual stress resistance."
00D1,Hope,"Measures the user's sense of hope for the future, reflecting positive psychology."
00D2,Optimism,"Measures the user's level of optimism, reflecting a positive mindset."
00D3,Self-Esteem,"Measures the user's sense of self-worth, reflecting self-confidence."
00D4,Life Satisfaction,"Measures the user's overall satisfaction with life, reflecting spiritual happiness."
00D5,Personal Growth,"Measures the user's level of personal growth, reflecting spiritual progress."
00D6,Altruism,"Measures the frequency of the user's altruistic behaviors, reflecting a compassionate mindset."
00D7,Forgiveness,"Measures the user's ability to forgive others or themselves, reflecting a tolerant mindset."
00D8,Compassion,"Measures the user's level of compassion towards others, reflecting a compassionate mindset."
00D9,Faith in Humanity,"Measures the user's trust and faith in human nature, reflecting spiritual values."
00DA,Spiritual Exploration,"Measures the frequency of the user's spiritual exploration, reflecting spiritual curiosity."
00DB,Ethical Values,"Measures the strength of the user's ethical values, reflecting moral standards."
00DC,Moral Integrity,"Measures the consistency of the user's moral behavior, reflecting moral character."
00DD,Spiritual Awakening,"Measures the user's level of spiritual awakening, reflecting spiritual growth stages."
00DE,Transcendence,"Measures the user's experience of transcending daily limitations, reflecting spiritual boundaries."
00DF,Enlightenment,"Measures the user's level of spiritual enlightenment, reflecting the highest spiritual state."
00E0,Karma Balance,"Measures the user's balance of karma, reflecting the realization of spiritual cause and effect."
00E1,Dharma Alignment,"Measures the user's alignment with spiritual principles, reflecting the depth of spiritual adherence."
00E2,Soul Purpose,"Measures the user's recognition and pursuit of soul purpose, reflecting spiritual ultimate goals."
00E3,Cosmic Awareness,"Measures the user's awareness and connection to the universe, reflecting spiritual breadth."
00E4,Mystical Experiences,"Measures the frequency of the user's mystical or supernatural experiences, reflecting spiritual exploration depth."
00E5,Divine Connection,"Measures the user's connection to divine forces, reflecting spiritual faith depth."
00E6,Spiritual Health,"Measures the overall spiritual health index, reflecting spiritual well-being."
00E7,Faith Strength,"Measures the user's strength of faith, reflecting the firmness of spiritual belief."
00E8,Spiritual Joy,"Measures the user's level of spiritual joy, reflecting spiritual happiness."
00E9,Serenity,"Measures the user's sense of inner tranquility, reflecting spiritual peaceful state."
00EA,Spiritual Purpose,"Measures the clarity of the user's spiritual goals, reflecting spiritual sense of direction."
00EB,Universal Love,"Measures the user's love and compassion for all beings, reflecting spiritual broad-mindedness."
00EC,Higher Consciousness,"Measures the user's level of higher consciousness, reflecting spiritual awareness depth."
00ED,Spiritual Fulfillment,"Measures the user's sense of spiritual fulfillment, reflecting the realization of spiritual happiness."
00EE,Inner Harmony,"Measures the user's sense of inner harmony, reflecting spiritual balanced state."
00EF,Universal Understanding,"Measures the user's understanding of universal principles, reflecting spiritual wisdom."
00F0,Spiritual Resilience,"Measures the user's resilience in spiritual challenges, reflecting spiritual stress resistance."
00F1,Spiritual Hope,"Measures the user's hope for spiritual future, reflecting positive psychology."
00F2,Spiritual Optimism,"Measures the user's level of spiritual optimism, reflecting a positive mindset."
00F3,Spiritual Self-Esteem,"Measures the user's sense of spiritual self-worth, reflecting self-confidence."
00F4,Spiritual Satisfaction,"Measures the user's satisfaction with spiritual life, reflecting spiritual well-being."
00F5,Spiritual Growth,"Measures the user's level of spiritual growth, reflecting spiritual progress."
00F6,Spiritual Altruism,"Measures the frequency of the user's spiritual altruistic behaviors, reflecting a compassionate mindset."
00F7,Spiritual Forgiveness,"Measures the user's ability to forgive in spiritual contexts, reflecting a tolerant mindset."
00F8,Spiritual Compassion,"Measures the user's level of spiritual compassion, reflecting a compassionate mindset."
00F9,Faith in Universe,"Measures the user's trust and faith in the nature of the universe, reflecting spiritual values."
00FA,Spiritual Curiosity,"Measures the user's curiosity about spiritual matters, reflecting spiritual exploration desire."
00FB,Ethical Leadership,"Measures the user's ethical leadership in spiritual contexts, reflecting spiritual influence."
00FC,Moral Courage,"Measures the user's courage in moral dilemmas, reflecting spiritual quality."
00FD,Spiritual Integrity,"Measures the consistency of the user's spiritual behavior, reflecting moral character."
00FE,Universal Harmony,"Measures the user's perception and practice of universal harmony, reflecting spiritual balance."
00FF,Life Satisfaction,"Measures the user's overall satisfaction with life, reflecting spiritual well-being."